feat: Editorial review: Login Status API and friends (#31658)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/navigator/login/index.md

---
title: "Navigator: login property"
short-title: login
slug: Web/API/Navigator/login
page-type: web-api-instance-property
status:
  - experimental
browser-compat: api.Navigator.login
---

{{securecontext_header}}{{APIRef("FedCM API")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}

> The **`login`** read-only property of the {{domxref("Navigator")}} interface provides access to the browser's {{domxref("NavigatorLogin")}} object, which defines login functionality for federated identity providers (IdPs). See [Update login status using the Login Status API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/FedCM_API/IDP_integration#update_login_status_using_the_login_status_api) for more details of how this is used.

Reviewer: That's all a bit abstract - my understanding is that we should say what it actually does. Also in `Navigator` too. Maybe something like

```suggestion
The **`login`** read-only property of the {{domxref("Navigator")}} interface provides access to the browser's {{domxref("NavigatorLogin")}} object, which a federated identity provider (IdPs) can use to set the user login status when they sign into or out of the IdP. 

See [Update login status using the Login Status API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/FedCM_API/IDP_integration#update_login_status_using_the_login_status_api) for more details of how this is used.
```

The **`login`** read-only property of the {{domxref("Navigator")}} interface provides access to the browser's {{domxref("NavigatorLogin")}} object, which defines login functionality for federated identity providers (IdPs). See [Update login status using the Login Status API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/FedCM_API/IDP_integration#update_login_status_using_the_login_status_api) for more details of how this is used.

Author: Good call. Updated in all the other places too.
